SOURCE: CUAD Legal Dataset
TITLE: cuad_contract_0

EXHIBIT 4.25 INFORMATION IN THIS EXHIBIT IDENTIFIED BY [ * * * ] IS CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SERVICES AGREEMENT This Services Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into on October 1, 2019 and is made effective as of November 1, 2019 (the "Effective Date"), by and between [ * * * ] (the "Provider"), and TELCOSTAR PTE, LTD., a company organized and existing under the laws of Singapore and Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd, a company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Israel (each and both of them "Recipient"). Each of the foregoing parties is referred to herein as a "Party" and together as the "Parties". RECITALS A. Recipient wishes to engage the Provider to provide certain services and resources (the "Services") and Provider desires to provide Recipient with the Services all in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. AGREEMENT The Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Services. 1.1 Provision of Services. (a) Provider agrees to provide the Services set forth on the Exhibit A attached hereto (as such Exhibit may be amended or supplemented pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the "Exhibit") to Recipient for the respective periods and on the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Exhibit. Notwithstanding the contents of the Exhibit, Provider agrees to respond in good faith to any reasonable request by Recipient for access to any additional services and resources that are necessary for the operation of the Recipient and which are not currently contemplated in the Exhibit, at a price to be agreed upon after good faith negotiations between the Parties. Any such additional services and resources so provided by Provider shall constitute Services under this Agreement and be subject in all respect to the provisions of this Agreement as if fully set forth on the Exhibit as of the date hereof. (b) Recipient may freely assign its rights under this Agreement to receive the Services to any of its affiliates. 1.2 Standard of Service. (a) Provider represents, warrants and agrees that the Services shall be provided in good faith, in accordance with applicable law and in a manner generally consistent with the historical provision of the Services and with the same standard of care as historically provided. (b) Provider shall maintain complete and accurate records relating to the provision of the Services under this Agreement, in such form as Recipient shall approve.