SOURCE: CUAD Legal Dataset
TITLE: cuad_contract_3

2.4 No Right of Setoff. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges that it shall have no right under this Agreement to offset any amounts owed (or to become due and owing) to the other Party, whether under this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement or otherwise, against any other amount owed (or to become due and owing) to it by the other Party. 3. Termination. 3.1 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2. 3.2 Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for required payment for services rendered and reimbursement for authorized expenses incurred, by providing at least 90 (ninety) days' prior written notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination Date"). 3.3 Breach. Any Party (the "Non-Breaching Party") may terminate this Agreement with respect to any Service, in whole but not in part, at any time upon prior written notice to the other Party (the "Breaching Party"), if the Breaching Party has failed (other than pursuant to Section 3.6) to perform any of its material obligations under this Agreement relating to such Service, and such failure shall have continued without cure for a period of 30 days after receipt by the Breaching Party of a written notice of such failure from the Non-Breaching Party seeking to terminate such service. For the avoidance of doubt, non-payment by Recipient for a Service provided by Provider in accordance with this Agreement and not the subject of a good-faith dispute shall be deemed a breach for purposes of this Section 3.3. 3.4 Insolvency. In the event that either Party hereto shall (a) file a petition in bankruptcy, (b) become or be declared insolvent, or become the subject of any proceedings (not dismissed within sixty (60) days) related to its liquidation, insolvency or the appointment of a receiver, (c) make an assignment on behalf of all or substantially all of its creditors, or (d) take any corporate action for its winding up or dissolution, then the other party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by providing written notice in accordance with Section 6.6. 3.5 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement in its entirety pursuant to Section 3.1, all obligations of the Parties hereto shall terminate, except for the provisions of Section 2.2, and the entirety of Sections 4, 5 and 6, which shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 3.6 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Provider shall promptly: (a) Deliver to Recipient all documents, work product, and other materials, whether or not complete, prepared by or on behalf of Provider in the course of performing the Services for which Recipient has paid. (b) Return to Recipient all Recipient -owned property, equipment, or materials in its possession or control.