SOURCE: CUAD Legal Dataset
TITLE: cuad_contract_1

(c) Provider shall use its best efforts to provide for employees or contractors to perform the Services, each of whose names, positions, and respective levels of experience and relevant licenses shall be set out in Exhibit A attached hereto (collectively, the "Provider Representatives"). Provider may not make any change in the Provider Representatives without the prior consent of the Recipient. Provider Representatives shall be dedicated to solely providing the Services to Recipient and shall not provide any such services or resources to Provider or any other customer of Provider. (d) Recipient acknowledges that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship, partnership, joint venture or relationships of trust or agency between the Parties and that all Services are provided by Provider as an independent contractor. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.2: (a) in the event that Provider uses any subcontractors to perform any Services, Provider is not released from responsibility for its obligations under this Agreement; (b) Provider shall remain fully responsible, financially and otherwise, for the Services provided by each subcontractor to the same extent as if Provider had performed the Services itself (subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement) and agrees to pay the fees and expenses of any such subcontractor; (c) Provider shall remain ultimately responsible for ensuring that the Services are provided and any such subcontractor performs any such obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (d) the obligations with respect to the nature, quality and standards of care set forth in Section 1.2 are satisfied with respect to any Service provided by any subcontractor. (f) Provider shall at all times during the term of this Agreement maintain, or cause to be maintained, the computer software and computer hardware that is used in connection with the Services with substantially the same degree of care, skill and diligence with which Provider maintains, or causes to be maintained, as of the Effective Date, such computer software and computer hardware for itself, consistent with past practices, as of the Effective Date, including without limitation, with respect to type, quality and timeliness of such maintenance. 1.3 Additional Services. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the Recipient from itself performing or from acquiring services from other providers that are similar to or identical to the Services. 1.4 Intellectual Property. (a) Recipient shall own, and Provider hereby irrevocably assigns to the Recipient, all rights, title, and interest in any invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or know-how, whether patentable or not and all other proprietary rights, industrial rights and any other similar rights, in each case on a worldwide basis, and all copies and tangible embodiments thereof, or any part thereof, in whatever form or medium hereafter made or conceived solely or jointly by Provider while working for or on behalf of the Recipient, which relate to, is suggested by, or results from the Services. (b) At Recipient's request, Provider shall disclose any such invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or know-how promptly to Recipient. Provider shall, upon request of Recipient, promptly execute a specific assignment of title to Recipient, and do anything else reasonably necessary to enable Recipient to secure for itself, patent, trade secret, or any other proprietary rights.