SOURCE: CUAD Legal Dataset
TITLE: cuad_contract_4

(c) Remove any Provider-owned property, equipment, or materials located at Recipient's locations. (d) Deliver to Recipient, all documents and tangible materials (and any copies) containing, reflecting, incorporating, or based on Recipient's Confidential Information. (e) On a pro rata basis, repay all fees and expenses paid in advance for any Services which have not been provided. (f) Permanently erase all of Recipient's Confidential Information from its computer systems. (g) Certify in writing to Recipient that it has complied with the requirements of this Section 3.6 3.7 Force Majeure. If Provider is prevented from or delayed in complying, either totally or in part, with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement by reason of fire, flood, storm, strike, lockout or other labor trouble or shortage, delays by unaffiliated suppliers or carriers, shortages of fuel, power, raw materials or components, any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand, seizure or requirement of any governmental authority, riot, civil commotion, war, rebellion, acts of terrorism, nuclear accident or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Provider, or acts, omissions, or delays in acting by any governmental or military authority or Recipient (each, a "Force Majeure"), then upon written notice to Recipient, the Services affected by the Force Majeure (the "Affected Services") and/or other requirements of this Agreement will be suspended during the period of such Force Majeure and Provider will have no liability to Recipient or any other party in connection with such Affected Services. If the Force Majeure in question prevails for a continuous period in excess of three months after the date on which the Force Majeure begins, Provider shall be entitled to give notice to Recipient to terminate the Affected Services. The notice to terminate must specify the termination date, which must be not less than ten (10) days after the date on which the notice to terminate is given. Once a notice to terminate has been validly given, the Affected Services will terminate on the termination date set out in the notice. Neither Party shall have any liability to the other in respect of termination of the Affected Services due to Force Majeure, but rights and liabilities which have accrued prior to termination shall subsist.